=== Methodology required to understand The Network ===

When talking about the project administrators it would be all too easy to delve into the world of conspiracy theory so I will try and build up a picture of them for you in a way that is not only plausible, but highly probable. 

The project administrators are primarily a network of wealthy and powerful individuals in the private sector. They collaborate and coordinate their activities in ways which are completely hidden from the general public. A simple example of collaboration is price fixing i.e. companies which are competitors to the general public but coordinate in secret to fix prices and agree not to undercut each other. 

The key thing to take away is that private sector entities '''collaborate''', and they do so with as much '''secrecy''' as possible, going to great lengths to hide their activities.

Now because they act in secret and go to great lengths to hide their activities, you will not find any direct evidence for who they are or, or what they do. Instead you must be able to infer what is highly probably based on known facts. Those trained in the scientific method like myself usually look for conclusive evidence before coming to conclusions. It is probably for that reason I was blind to them for so long. If you hope to stand a chance of understanding this network you must be able to work out what is going on by thinking strategically and working out what is most likely. It is understandable that the activities of this group, go on unnoticed by most of the general public. The process of understanding them, can be time consuming and without the motivation for doing so, most people would not bother. My motivation was trying to understand who had implanted the neural chip inside me, who was running Project U. It was something which mattered to me a great deal so I expended much time and effort in my pursuit of understanding. 

Inferring information requires starting points. Basic facts that you know to be true. The more facts you have the better the picture you are able to form. Based upon those known facts you can infer other facts which have an extremely high probability of being true. These facts you may not be things you are able to find direct evidence for but you can hold a high degree of certainty that they are true. Based upon those, further highly probably inferences can be made. That is what I mean by thinking strategically, inferring information based on limited facts. It is something all people/networks/armies must do when faced with rivals/enemies who go to great lengths to keep their activities hidden. If you are not willing to do that, then you stand no hope of understanding them.

=== Primary inferences ===

I will now share with you some important inferences I made. Some of them have only been possible because of my experience being a test subject of Project U:

* '''They are extremely wealthy''' - This one should not be that hard to accept. They possess a great deal of wealth. I know that because the administration of Project U can only be done at great cost. In recent times when talking about dealing with the challenges of climate change you may have heard the phrase that "whilst national governments can invest billions, the private sector can unleash trillions". I first heard that phrase last year but even before then I 'guessed' that this group must have collective wealth measuring in the trillions of dollars. 

* '''They possess advanced technologies''' - This fact I understand because of the nature of the technologies used in me. The neural interface I possess is far in advance of what is known to be at the cutting edge. I have witnessed other capabilities such as perfect deep fakes which are indistinguishable from the real thing which tell me that they have access to tech which the general public will not see for many years. 

* '''They behave strategically''' -  This fact is extremely important. I inferred it over a long period by observing their interactions with me and understanding their other activities. It became obvious they were behaving in an extremely strategic manner, with almost military discipline. They are well versed in the [[Wikipedia:The_Art_of_War|Art of War]]. I highlight this important fact because you can infer a great deal of information just by understanding a network is behaving strategically. There are certain things a strategic entity will do, moves that they will always make because that is the ''best'' move to make. This is especially useful when it comes to inferring capabilities of the network. If the network has vast amounts of wealth, how would they likely use that wealth? What technologies would they most likely develop that would give them a strategic advantage?

* '''They have many subordinates willing to do their bidding''' - The network possess a vast army of people willing to do their bidding. Wherever I have visited there always seems to be people waiting to give me a sign, a hand signal, to send me a message in passing conversation as they walk passed. There have been a few cases where I recognise they same face in entirely two distant locations but that is rare. So it is not a case that I feel I am being followed, instead I walk into the network wherever I go, it is everywhere. Certainly in London, perhaps in other parts they are fewer in number.

=== Secondary inferences ===

Using those primary inferences can help one a great deal when understanding the world. When I read an article concerning some seemingly unlikely pieces of information, perhaps a conspiracy theory, I am able to determine whether that thing is likely to be true or not with a high degree of confidence. Not in all cases of course. I'll give you one example:

When Republican Congresswoman Majorie Taylor Greene blamed the Californian wildfires on a secret Jewish Space Laser back in 2018 she received wide spread ridicule. Most intelligent people dismissed this as nonsense and that these space lasers did not exist. When I read that story I was able to pick out the bits of it which most likely were true. I had not thought about their existence up until that point but the existence of satellite based laser weaponry is highly probable. Based on my primary inferences: I know there is a group with the wealth/power to develop and deploy a satellite based laser weapon, I know they behave strategically. Based on those two facts I know they probably have a satellite based weapon because possession of such a capability is strategically advantageous. What can not be inferred is whether those wildfires were started by such a weapon, nor can ownership of the weapon be inferred. However this shows that a story that seems ridiculous on the surface now does not appear as crazy as it first sounds and you can make pretty good educated 'guesses' based from limited information.

=== Divisions ===

The Network does not speak with a single voice. It is made up of people and subgroups who hold different views. Some of those people have been helping me, some have been hindering me. Whilst I consider Project U fundamentally evil in nature, I would not consider the entire network to be made of up evil people. They are so powerful and seemingly unbeatable that I'm sure many of their membership fall in line because it's the strategically sound thing to do. If you can't beat them, join them as they say. 

I personally could not join them. The network relies on secrecy and they've taken that right away from me. The right to hold secrets. 

=== Religious belief === 

It is important for everyone in the network to hold some form of religious belief. They tried to push me towards many, they didn't seem to care too much which one as long as I believed. Of course this was an impossible task for me as the reasons for my atheism are very well developed. I can't even fake religious belief, in implanting me with a mind reading neural interface and exposing all my private thoughts, they had taken that right away from me. If I faked it they would know. I found this an extremely interesting conundrum. 

=== Self delusions === 

Some of their acts are good, some are evil. However as 'religious' folk, they must always appear to be doing good so they have developed an extremely effective method self-delusion that covers up acts of evil with acts of help. In that way they are able to commit acts of evil whilst still 'believing' the are doing something good.

This perfectly describes Project U, in that the administrators just claim to be 'helping' people when in reality it is a cover for many of the projects more [[ProjectU#Aims_of_the_project|sinister purposes]].

I take another example from a TV show I watched recently called [[Wikipedia:Dopesick_(miniseries)|Dope Sick]]. It tells the true story of how the actions of executives at Purdue Pharmaceuticals resulted in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Americans, all the whilst telling themselves and others they simply wanted to "help heal the world of it's pain". It was a phrase used throughout the show. Now I don't know if they actually used that phrase in reality but it typifies the kind of mentality. Committing an act of evil by simply claiming to want to help in some way.

=== Technological capabilities === 

I will list some of the technological capabilities that they have. All serve to strengthen the network and improve its resilience:

* Surveillance technologies. They have hidden cameras and microphones which are impossible to detect which the naked eye. Some are hidden in walls, others are hidden in televisions, LED lights.

